**How has cycling-relevant street infrastructure changed in London and what might this suggest for future support for cycling in the city in future?**
Can we create a map that incorporates all relevant cycling infrastructure at present? What is the potential for adding a network of secure bike (and e-bike) parking in London that can be accessed on-demand? You may want to identify and map potential popular locations in London where cyclists, based on origin/destination and other data (e.g. retail and leisure spend, footfall, cycling count, Strava etc) may want to stop and secure their bike for 30 mins to 3 hours. With cycle theft increasing year-on-year, there is a case for more secure urban parking for bikes. This is distinct to storage at home or in primary places of work (typically more than 3 hours) but instead intermediate journeys that cyclists would like to make on their bikes – e.g. stopping to meet friends for food or a drink, calling in at the gym, stopping to pick up some shopping etc. Research by CUSP London partner Active Things indicates that risk of theft puts off many cyclists making these intermediate journeys and has a negative impact on cycle use (i.e. they don’t use the electric bike if they plan to go to meet friends after work). Where should the first 100, 500 and 1000 lockers be installed to best cater to these intermediate journeys? What kind of profile of use could be imagined in terms of daily usage patterns? Do the current deployment on street and secure bike racks match the need for secure parking? 
